what bird has the most elaborate most
completely beautiful song in world I
guess there are lots of contenders but
this bird must be one of them the superb
ladder he could imitate the cause of at
least 20 different species he also in
his attempt to axing his rivals
incorporates other songs that he hears
him the forest that was a camera factory
and now the sound de foresters and their
chainsaws working nearby listen to this
one this is a pigeon oh this is a horse
this is a zebra you're a good this is my
best David impression yeah hmm yeah here
we have a mouse this one you like it's a
chainsaw when will will will a tree
falling down you'll like this one
mmm
what do you think
of a crackling fire or something is
David Attenborough in the warmth that
you get from him because he's very cool
i'm jake from vsauce3 in the titan arum
is the largest flower in the world and
in this clip david attenborough shows
you how amazing and beautiful this nine
feet tall three feet in diameter flower
is it smells very strongly of bad fish